As of March 8, the total official death toll due to these earthquakes was reported to be 45,968 confirmed deaths in Türkiye and 7,259 deaths in Syria. More than 100,000 people were reported as injured. The earthquake sequence resulted in a very large number of fatalities and injuries. Extreme Event Solutions at Verisk predicted that the economic losses and industry-insured losses due to the earthquake sequence in T Turkey will likely exceed $20 billion (USD) and $1 billion ( USD), respectively (Verisk 2023). Reportedly, hundreds of shipping containers were ablaze. In Southern T Turkey, members of commerce chambers, exchanges, and industrial zones have opted to halt their production to provide aid to survivors. In particular, gas supply was halted in Kahramanmaraş, Gaziantep, and Hatay provinces. On February 7, the Ministry of Health reported that injured people from Iskenderun were transferred to Mersin City Hospital in ambulances. Ninety-eight wounded patients were transferred the day of the earthquake. Turkish Airlines (THY) announced that they would be offering free flights from Adana, Adıyaman, Gazianep, Kayseri, Diyarbakır, Şanlıurfa, Malatya, Elazığ, and Kahram anmarařs provinces on February 7,. 2023, as part of their relief efforts. About 11,780 citizen volunteers, who went to airports to go to the quake zone following an invitation from AFAD, were taken to Adana,. GaziantEP, Adiyaman, and Urfa in 80 flights (Daily Sabah 2023b). Fatality estimates of the 1822 earthquake are in the range 20,000 to 60,000. The entire Syrian network was destroyed during the war except for the two stations in Damascus and Tartus. There is evidence of the collapse of war-damaged residential buildings in Aleppo and Aleppo. There was one casualty in this historical neighborhood, which was known as a symbol of the region. A significant number of critical patients were overwhelmed by the access to functional hospitals by helicopter as roads were damaged or access to the hospitals were overwhelmed. It was delivering emergency healthcare assistance in a tent at the garden hospital in Reylzöcül. However due to sanctions, it was prohibited to receive receivers for these transmitters and these stations for the past two years. However, due to it being prohibited to receiver it was possible to observe the deaths. Internet connectivity was lost in all cities impacted by the event in Türkiye. Aftershocks have caused planes to be grounded at airports throughout the region. Deformation of the railway tracks was observed between Kahramanmaraş and Gaziantep. Roads were also closed due to inclement weather that occurred immediately after the earthquake. 30 substations were damaged in the earthquake sequence causing power outages and blackouts reported in Antep, Hatay, and Kilis. The Port of Ceyhan is where the Baku-Tiblisi-Ceyhan (BTC) crude oil from Azerbaijan is delivered to Türkye. The refinery was out of service. Phone lines were down in the southern provinces after the quake. Highly vulnerable structures with severe damage or collapse. Highly engineered structures with lower damage. Significant fatalities. Potential for prolonged downtime and recovery. Potential lessons to be learned from ground motion records and building performance. The Mw 7.8 earthquake occurred on February 6, 2023 at 6:29 pm local time. The reopening sequence for roadway closures is cataloged in Appendix A. The Tarsus-Adana–Gaziantep ( TAG) Highway was also observed to have been damaged. Traffic was diverted to the D-400 state road (Demirci 2023) Over 30 electrical substations was damaged due to the earthquake, causing power blackouts in the area. The oil refinery was also out of action, and some roadways remained closed. The earthquake caused a leak in the oil pipeline from Azerbaijan to Turkey. The leak was fixed, and the loading operations have resumed (Perkins et al.2023). The oil pipeline was also affected by the earthquake and was shut down for a day. It is not known if the leak has been fixed or if the oil will be pumped again. The port is located in the Turkish city of Türikiye, near the city of Adana. The city is home to the largest port on the Black Sea, with a population of 2.3 million people. It has a port that is used to transport crude oil and other products from the region to the rest of the world. The region has a long history of earthquakes and is prone to landslides and other natural disasters. It also has a history