As of February 19, 2023, the number of reported completely and partially collapsed buildings was 28,362. 75,717 buildings and 306,563 dwellings were either collapsed or severely damaged. Around half of the buildings in the affected regions of Türikiye were constructed before 2000. Damage to personal property is expected to be significant. Unfortunately, insured losses may be only around $1 billion (USD) due to low insurance coverage in the region. The impact of the quake on buildings is clearly dependent on location and location of the location. This does not mean that buildings at this location may be able to withstand this shaking without collapse, while sustaining moderate to heavy damage. The most vulnerable buildings are those constructed after 2000 and considered to be vulnerable to earthquake events. The 1999 Kocaeli and Duzce earthquakes, which resulted in significant building damage and collapses, led to major changes in seismic design. There is evidence that even post-2000 and post-2007, RC and masonry buildings were not properly designed and detailed. Many buildings in Syria that were damaged during the war are believed to have been rebuilt by individuals with low-quality materials. The majority of buildings were new and constructed following the lessons learned from the 1999 earthquake. The NEC added more seismic stations to the network reaching a total of 27 prior to the 2011 revolution and war. They are currently not connected with the central station in Damascus and are only registering the seismic events locally. The peak spectral acceleration reached 2.9g at a period of 0.85 s at Hassa station. In the N-S direction, the spectral accelerations exceed 1g for periods of 1.00 to 2.00 s with the potential of causing heavy damage in high-rise buildings. This aligns with reports that “the downtown district with taller buildings was hit particularly hard, while the city center had less apparent destruction” In Syria, severe building damages and hundreds of building collapses resulted from the two main events and the aftershocks in Northern Syria. Several single-family and mixed-use multi-family RC buildings collapsed due to the presence of soft/weak first stories. It is likely that the first-floor façades were only at the front of the building in Figure 49 likely collapsed on a mixed use RC building in Gaziantep city. It was located on a street with streetfront openings on both sides of the street. The heaviest damage is expected due to higher earthquake levels (Aleppo 4.9 and 4.5) and most of the collapses occurred in Syria. There were 11 hospitals within 200 km from the epicenter of the MW 7.8 earthquake. The Yeni Camoper Camii or New Mosque in Malatya, was extensively damaged when the masonry roof structure and domes collapsed. 200 houses in Mal atya province have been declared unusable. No damage was reported at Akkuyu nuclear power plant (Figure 5.11). This nuclear plant is under construction. The Hatay Airport is closed due to a surface rupture of the tarmac (Figures 5.7 and 5.8). This serves as evidence of the movement of a tectonic plate, probably at the fault location. The Banias refinery in Syria was partially damaged. The connectivity was not fully recovered as of February 8, 2023. After the earthquake, 3 of 9 stories of the RC - structure. Exposed reinforcing bars in beams and columns with evidence of corrosion. It was reported that the Hunutlu thermal power plant was undamaged. The main damage to this facility was to the concrete bases of the concrete equipment. It's reported that it has been reported that this facility has been fully recovered by the end of February 2023, but there has not yet been fully functional. The industrial facility with steel tanks was damaged by the quake. The damage to a steel facility with concrete bases was to a concrete base of the steel tanks. It’s reported that there has been full recovery of this facility by March 2023 but there have been no reports of fully functional refineries. The damaged industrial facility was reported to have been partially damaged with steel bases with steel equipment. The buildings were apparently built with adobe masonry walls and earth slabs supported by wooden beams. In the pre-earthquake image, both parts were connected by middle-height horizontal panels, which coincided with the story heights of the right wing. This is particularly important because, during a seismic event, the falling non-structural elements can cause serious injury to people evacuating the buildings. The standing walls exhibit a vertical failure plane which may indicate the lack of horizontal bond elements and a poor connection between perpendicular walls. In several places, the castle withstood centuries of invasions, but it was badly damaged in this earthquake. It is noted that there was no damage to the BTC oil pipelines due to the earthquake sequence. A limited number of bridges were reported to be damaged after the earthquake. Extensive damage at the deck of Şekeroba bridge on the Kahramanmaraş-Osmaniye Highway and unseating and falling girders at an overpass at Nurdağı were reported.