Storm-related death toll from Hurricane Ian was 125 as of November 10, 2022. Death toll included 119 storm-related fatalities in Florida, five in North Carolina, and one in Virginia. The majority of the deaths (57) were reported in Lee County, FL, and an estimated 60% were caused by drowning. Risk modelers estimated wind and coastal storm surge losses of $40-$74 billion. As such, Hurricane Ian will likely be one of the costliest landfalling hurricanes of all time in the US, claiming over 100 lives. The strong hurricane winds associated with Hurricane Ian caused widespread power outages in Florida. North Carolina had power outage of more than 358,000 (Dean, K. Cataudella, K., 2022) The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) reported that cell service outages dropped from 65.0% to around 5.0%. The total number of wireline/cable users affected in Florida dropped from around 320,000 users to around 110,000. As Hurricane Ian moved towards the northwest, causing intense precipitation with long durations, inland transportation networks of central and northwest Florida were disrupted. Direct impacts to hospitals and indirect impacts to supporting infrastructure forced 642 patients to be evacuated from 6 health care facilities in Charlotte, Lee, Sarasota, Orange, and Volusia Counties (FL Gov, 2022). Hospitals in the impacted area suffered severe staffing shortages due to displaced workers (FHA, 2022) Telecommunications infrastructure primarily in southwest Florida was not functional following the storm due to loss of power, flooded generators, and the collapse of a cellular tower. In at least one case, a cell tower in Boca Grande, Florida, on a business impacted both the telecommunication system and the adjacent building. The coastal roads to Sanibel Island were severely damaged, causing power infrastructure to be considerably damaged for several days. This includes all the bridges to Pine Island (Gallman, 2022), the roadway connecting Captiva and Sanibel Islands, the Sanibel Causeway connecting Sanibel island to Fort Myers. The Florida Department of Transportation was able to quickly restore access to barrier islands. Despite the extensive damage to several bridges and roadways in coastal and inland areas, the Florida Dept. of Transportation quickly restored access to Florida and South Carolina. The damage to citrus industry was much larger however, particularly the wind damage to wind damage bridges to the islands. The total damage to power infrastructure, notably downed power lines, was $46-$67 billion (excludes $1+ billion in insured inland flooding losses)