The Dead Sea Fault (DSF) is a major transform fault that extends from the Red Sea to the southeast of Turkey. The mechanism and location of the earthquake are consistent with the DSF and the EAF. The earthquake was followed by many aftershocks, including several larger than magnitude 6 (one with Mw 6.6). As of February 19, 2023, the number of reported completely and partially collapsed buildings was 28,362. 75,717 buildings and 306,563 dwellings were either collapsed or severely damaged. In Syria, more than 22,000. buildings were affected by the earthquakes with 2,850 of them partially/completely collapsed orseverely damaged. Almost two-thirds of residential buildings in Gaziantep city are masonry. One-third are Reinforced Concrete (RC) The lessons learned from the 1999 Kocaeli and Duzce earthquakes led to the implementation of earthquake engineering principles in the whole country. The observations from the recent Mw6.1Duzce Earthquake on November 23, 2022, showed the importance of taking action to reduce theNumber of buildings with seismic deficiencies. The majority of the buildings in the DuzCE region affected by this earthquake were new and constructed following the lessons learned in the 1999. KOCaeli earthquake. Low level of damage observed during the 2022 Duzuzce earthquake demonstrated the effectiveness of code-specified seismic design requirements on the newer buildings. The seismic design/provisions for existing non-inforced masonry wall systems are made available in Appendix 1 of the Syrian. Code for the Syrian Base Code (TBSC) was published in 1996. These provisions were considered optional to adopt until 2008 and were not considered to be required to adopt. In addition to their stiffness, upper masonry walls, both at the exterior and interior, add considerable mass to the building, resulting in larger inertial forces during ground shaking. Infill walls in the first event could have led to more common collapse of these structures during the second event. It is possible that the presence of soft stories is accompanied by low ductility. Many buildings in Syria that were damaged during the war are believed to have been rebuilt by individuals with low-quality materials. The heaviest damage and the most collapses occurred in 4 cities in Syria (Aleppo, Latakia, Idlib, and Hama) and in 40 towns and villages in Northern Syria. In concrete buildings that experienced severe damage or partial or total collapse, some common deficiencies can be observed from the collapse photographs. Concrete quality/strength appears very low by visual inspection of texture and color. Thin columns can be seen in many damaged buildings. Many buildings had lightly reinforced column sections, with no or little transverse reinforcement, and potentially inadequate lap splices located immediately above the slabs. Absence of drop (projected) beams below the ribbed slab and flat plate systems creates a slab-column connection situation (no beam-column joints) which is known to perform poorly under severe earthquake shaking unless well reinforced. Government facilities play a key role during extreme events like earthquakes. The large displacement due to the directivity effects during these two events likely contributed to the collapse during these directivity events. This practice results in high mass buildings which induce large seismic forces which can induce large ground shaking. There were 11 base-isolated hospitals within 7.8 km from the epicenter of the Mw8 earthquake. Most seismically protected buildings remained functional but some buildings collapsed. All hospitals have curved surface-vulum ( CSS) pendulum and triple-curvulum pendulum systems. The number of seismic-isolators used in these hospitals are reported to be high. The Turkish health minister reported that on February 8, 77 field hospitals were set up across 10 regions. Two state hospitals were completely destroyed, one of the three private hospitals collapsed, and the City Hospital was damaged. The affected schools are mainly located in the urban area of TarFGtous (99), Aleppo (71), Lattakia (50), Hama (27), and in the rural area of Idleb (1) World Health Organization (WHO) spokeswoman Harris mentioned impacts on health care in Türkiye and Syria as “huge long-term” issues. Road damage occurred throughout the impacted region due to the earthquake sequence. No damage was reported at Akkuyu nuclear power plant (Figure 5.11). This nuclear plant is under construction. The Sultansuyu Dam in Malatya experienced significant longitudinal cracking at the crest due to a lateral spreading type failure. A lateral spreading induced landslide was observed on the road between Adana and Gaziantep. The Banias refinery in Syria was partially damaged. The main damage to the refinery was to the concrete bases of equipment. The connectivity was not fully recovered as of February 8, 2023.