As of March 9, 2023, the total death toll was reported to be 45,968 people in Türkiye and around 6,000 in Syria. More than 100,000 people were reported as injured. The number of fatalities estimated by PAGER for the Mw 7.8 event is shown in Figure 1.2. For the MW 7.5 earthquake, economic losses are shown in Figures 1.3 and 1.4. Extreme Event Solutions at Verisk predicted that the economic losses and industry-insured losses due to the earthquake sequence will likely exceed $20 billion. In terms of economic loss, the ramifications could include the spoiling of food items requiring refrigeration. There is past evidence of the collapse of war-damaged residential buildings in Aleppo and consequential casualties (Reuters 2023b). There was one casualty in this historical neighborhood, which was known as a symbol of the region due to these old buildings. Hundreds of medical facilities were damaged, disrupting treatment capacities across large regions. It was delivering emergency healthcare assistance in a tent at the hospital garden (Sözcü 2023). A relevant observation was the significant number of critical patients mobilized to the functional hospitals by helicopter as access was overwhelmed or access to the hospitals were overwhelmed or overwhelmed. On February 7, the Ministry of Health reported that injured people from Iskenderun were transferred to Mersin City Hospital in ambulances. Ninety-eight wounded patients were transferred the day of the earthquake. About 11,780 citizen volunteers, who went to airports to go to the quake zone following an invitation from AFAD, were taken to Adana, Gaziantep, Adiyaman, and Urfa. The Capital Markets Board (SPK) announced that the Turkish Electronic Fund Trading Platform (TEFAS) transactions were suspended. Borsa İstanbul, the sole Turkish stock exchange, announced that all transactions would be halted for at least five business days. The entire network was destroyed during the war except for the two stations in Damascus and Tartus. There was an emergency stairway attached to the exterior of the building on each level of the Tarsus-Adiantep Highway. Aftershocks have caused planes to be grounded at airports throughout the region. Roads were also closed due to inclement weather that occurred immediately after the earthquake sequence. Over 30 electrical substations were damaged causing power outages and blackouts reported in Antep, Hatay, and Kilis. Internet connectivity was lost in all cities impacted by the event in Türkiye. Deformation of the railway tracks was observed between Kahramanmaraş and Gaziantep. Phone lines were down in the southern provinces after the quake. Airports remained closed for a few days following the earthquake. Due to this, tanker loading operations were suspended for a day. But the leak was fixed, and the loading operations have resumed.