Unlike Hurricane Charley (2004), water more so than wind was the impetus behind the disaster that unfolded. Many buildings were completely washed away, and others left to deal with significant scour and eroded foundations. The west coast of Florida and the Ft. Myers area are the most heavily impacted regions. Seawall collapses were reported along the Atlantic coastline of Florida at Daytona Beach Shores. A levee in Hidden River in Sarasota County, FL, was also breached, causing severe localized flooding (Clowe, 2022). According to the National Levee Database, the Hidden River levee is a 1.98 mile embankment levee along the Myakka River. The surge impacted regions with high population densities housed in both elevated and on-grade residential structures. These include mobile and manufactured home parks, along hundreds of miles of canals and coastal frontage in Cape Coral, Fort. Myers, and nearby barrier islands. It should be noted that 2 injuries and damage at the Florida Atlantic University Campus were reported as a result of the 130 mph estimated peak wind speed. The community has 700,000 solar panels, which continuously provided electricity for 2,000 households throughout Hurricane Ian’s passage. These solar panels showed good structural performance with no damage. Single-family housing performance was variable, with exposure hazard being the driver of structural failures. Mobile/manufactured housing and RV parks were the most susceptible to damage. Wind damage was primarily limited to the building envelopes in site-built homes. More severe damage was observed in some mobile/manufacture home parks in Fort Myers, FL. Several multi-family units in Delray Beach, FL suffered structural damage from wind, surge, or flooding on inland flooding on MH, MH, or MH parks. The most common pattern of failure was the severe coastal erosion near the causeways and roads that led to scour or washout of pavements and causeways. The Sanibel Causeway consists of three bridges (A, B, C) and two islands (Causeway Island Park A, B) as shown in Fig.CS.5. Many structures built at ground level, primarily those exposed to wave action, were completely washed away. Power infrastructure was more critically damaged in southwest Florida near the landfall area, causing power outages for several days. Roof cover loss and flooding was frequently observed in churches, but no reports of structural damage have been found. Damage appears to be somewhat more frequent in Port Charlotte than in Cape Coral and Ft. Myers. Only isolated reports of wind damage to the building envelope have been reported in the inland communities. In contrast to past major hurricanes like Hurricane Katrina, there was almost no damage to bridge superstructures. Extreme coastal erosion near transportation infrastructure led to scour and different damage levels to roads and pavements. The Sanibel Island causeway was washed out. The iconic pier was extensively damaged, and floating docks were twisted at Fort Myers. Damage to port facilities was limited to piers and seawalls damaged by storm surge in Florida. A levee was in danger of failing in the Hidden River area, threatening more extensive flooding.