Acapulco experienced significant damage, especially to residential and high-rise buildings along the coast. High winds dominated the structural responses, inducing failures to multiple glazing, cladding, and roof surfaces. About 120 hospitals and 33 schools in the region were reported as damaged due to the hurricane event. It was estimated that approximately 250,000 families have been left homeless because of Hurricane Otis, according to Mexico’s President Andrés Manuel López Obrador (Rivera, 2023). The impact of blown-off roofs and walls led to widespread flooding inside houses. There was unprecedented damage to the building envelopes (e.g., glazing and cladding) of many structures due to wind loads, though the lateral force-resisting structural systems appeared to perform adequately. Some buildings experienced total exterior glazing loss over the full height of the building. Many buildings now display damaged roofs, loss of glazed, and failure of exterior wall cladding as a result. Rainwater caused significant geotechnical damage in elevated regions of Acapul co. The city's ports were forced to close during the hurricane, disrupting not only local trade and transportation but also the city's economic activities, which rely heavily on tourism. Early reports by CFE stated that the airport did not have electricity and it was not clear if the airport was closed or if it had been damaged by the hurricane. The Galerias Mall is one of the most severely damaged structures in the aftermath of Otis. Light framed commercial properties along the coastline in Puerto Marqués Bay also showed evidence of damage from wind and breaking waves. The “stand-alone tower” tower appears to be intact, although the “standing-alone” poles were severely damaged in the untethered background of the ‘stand alone tower’ Figure 62 presents a case where the edge of the road collapsed due to soil failure due to a slope failure. A clear eye and symmetric storm structure is visible, indicating Otis remained a powerful hurricane through landfall. Figure 4.4 shows three screenshots from a video of the damage caused to the Solar Ocean building. No widespread damage was reported, but video evidence showed strong winds blowing inside a hospital in Acapulco. Roof damage was observed in historical buildings. No significant damages have been reported in any of the hard coastal infrastructure (seawalls, port platforms, etc.) Failure of the exterior windows at the airport control tower resulted in water and wind damage to equipment and furniture in the tower. Water and sanitation systems were damaged, and the municipal water system was not operating due to power outages. If buildings are sufficiently damaged that they cannot receive power, the outage may never be restored. This scenario occurred in New Orleans, LA after Hurricane Katrina. Over 500,000 homes & businesses lost power - Water & sanitation systems damaged. The Telemax power plant restored. Reestablishment of high, medium and low voltage poles continue for Avenida Costera Miguel Aklaman, the City Center, Costa Azul and Renacimiento. The following hospitals had their power restored by October 29: General, Military, Cancerology, and IMSS.